[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/co-scans/compliance-operator-troubleshooting.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> This section describes how to troubleshoot the Compliance Operator. The information can be useful either to diagnose a problem or provide information in a bug report. Some general tips:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use the information on how to troubleshoot the Compliance Operator to learn how to diagnose a problem or provide information in a bug report. 

When troubleshooting, review the following general tips:
```
